Installation procedure of the forge's system dependencies in Ubuntu Desktop (10.04 LTS):

1. Install the prerequisites (if not already installed):
    sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jdk
    sudo apt-get -y install mysql-server-5.1
    
2. Unzip the scstack-installer-bin.zip file and cd into the scstack-installer folder.

3. Open the configuration file and change it accordingly:
    gedit scstack.conf &
    
4. Execute the installer:
 4.1. You can choose the type of installation to perform by giving a VALUE to the 'type' argument:
	* all     -> install everything and set scstack-service as daemon (default if '-Dtype' is not set).
	* tools   -> install only the required software.
	* service -> do not install any software, only set the service as a daemon. Don't forget to edit 
	first the configuration file by writing the API key from Redmine.
	
    sudo java -Dtype=VALUE -jar scstack-installer.jar

Note: 
  The Ruby gems take a lot of time to install (during the Redmine installation). 
  Don't despair, they will end eventually.

** IMPORTANT **
For the 'all' option to work unattended, Selenium must be incorporated into the installation process
 Until then, you'll be prompted for the API Redmine key before setting the service as daemon.
 When asked for it, follow the steps 5 and 6 to setup Redmine then copy the key.
 You only have to do the 7th step when running with the -Dtype=service option. 
 
5. Login as admin (pass: admin) into Redmine and accept the Load Default Configuration message.
 5.1. Go to 'Roles and permissions' and UNCHECK the following for the Manager role:
   - Create project
   - Edit project
   - Create subproject
   - Manage members
   then Save.
 5.2. Go to Settings > Authentication
 5.3. Authentication required: Checked
 5.4. Self-registration: Disabled
 5.5. Enable REST web service: Checked
 5.6. SAVE

6. Integration of the OpenLDAP protocol into Redmine:
 6.1. Login as admin (pass: admin) into Redmine.
 6.2. Goto Administration > LDAP Authentication
 6.3. Select 'New authentication mode' and input the following parameters:
        Name: pick up a name for the connection
        Host: hostname (default: localhost)
        Port: 636
        Check LDAPS
        Account: cn=admin,dc=sidelab,dc=es (or whatever you specified in the configuration file)
        Pass: LDAP's password from the config file (e.g. ld4p)
        BaseDN: dc=sidelab,dc=es (or from the config file)
        Check 'On the fly user creation'
        Login: uid
        First name: cn
        Last name: sn
        Email: mail
 6.4. Create
 6.5. Press 'Test' in the connections' list

7. -- ONLY REQUIRED WHEN INSTALLING THE REST SERVICE AS DAEMON OR STARTING IT DIRECTLY -- 
  Copy the Redmine API key to the configuration file 'stack.conf'. 
   You'll find it in the admin's MyAccount tab, on the right part of the screen.
